Add docs for raw identifier syntax. (#4223)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/lexical_conventions/words.md

-   `where`
-   `while`

### Raw identifiers

A raw identifier looks like `r#<identifier>`. This can be used for identifiers

> which have the same spelling as keywords; for example, `r#impl`. It can help
> when using C++ code with identifiers that are a keyword in Carbon.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
which have the same spelling as keywords; for example, `r#impl`. It can help
when using C++ code with an identifier that is a keyword in Carbon.
```

Or:
```suggestion
which have the same spelling as keywords; for example, `r#impl`. It can help
when using C++ code with identifiers that are keywords in Carbon.
```
